[EDITS]W-11822795-Bot-Recorder-editorial-review (#79)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-bot/1.0/modules/ROOT/edits/installation.adoc

= Installing RPA Bot

Before installing RPA Bot, ensure that your environment meets the minimum hardware and software requirements. After downloading and installing the bot, run the RPA Bot Configurator application to configure its connection and default settings.

== Download and Install RPA Bot

Follow these steps to download and install RPA Bot.

> If it is not possible to install the setup as administrator, you need to set the User Account Control setting to *Never notify. Otherwise secure sessions cannot be established and automations will break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is not possible to install the setup as an administrator, you need to set the User Account Control setting to *Never notify*. Otherwise secure sessions cannot be established and automations will break.
```

> . Download the latest RPA Bot installer from the *Home* page of RPA Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Home* page of RPA Manager, download the latest RPA Bot installer.
```

> . Right-click on the setup file and choose *Run as administrator* to start the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To start the installation, right-click the setup file and choose *Run as administrator* .
```

> . Provide the following details during the installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Provide the following details:
```

** *RPA Manager connection protocol*
+
The protocol RPA Bot uses to connect with RPA Manager.
+
image:bot-install-https.png[The RPA Bot installer window, 50%, 50%]

** *RPA Manager connection address*
+
The RPA Manager servername or address to connect to. This is the same URL you use to access RPA Manager, for example: `+https://myInstance.rpa.mulesoft.com/+`.
+
image:bot-install-rpa-manager.png[The RPA Bot installer window asking for the RPA Manager address to use, 50%, 50%]

** *APIKey for the bot*
+

> The APIKey to use for this bot. Use any of the APIKeys created in RPA Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API key to use for this bot. Use any of the API keys created in RPA Manager.
```

+
image:bot-install-api-key.png[The RPA Bot installer window asking for the APIKey to use, 50%, 50%]
+

> If you don't have any APIKey, see xref:rpa-manager::botmanagement-support.adoc#manage-api-keys[Manage API Keys] for creation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an API key, see xref:rpa-manager::botmanagement-support.adoc#manage-api-keys[Manage API Keys] for creation instructions.
```
